### Lid driven cavity

This is a well known case of laminar flow of viscous incompressible fluid in closed cavity with moving upper wall.

Reynolds number is set to Re=10, based on cavity side length.

This case repeats the example from OpenFOAM tutorial for icoFoam solver. Simulation parameters are set based on that case.

Mesh is generated by OpenFOAM mesh generator blockMesh. Here it is modified using 'readBoundaryFile' utility and manual editing.

freeCappuccino can read polyMesh format generated for OpenFOAM, after minor corrections to 'boundary' file.

To be able to write Paraview files, you need to have vtk template for this geometry - which is included here in the vtk folder. You would get it by opening original OpenFOAM case with paraFoam, and saving geometry as Paraview .vtm file. More about this in an onine tutorial.

To run this case do the following:

* Unpack zip archives with mesh (polyMesh.zip), vtk mesh file (vtk.zip), and initial and boundary conditions (0.zip).

* Provided that you have cappuccino code on your path execute 'run' script from command line.

* If you have gnuplot, run `gnuplot plotResiduals` from command line to plot the residuals.

* Open solution files located in vtk folder in Paraview.

__A FEW NOTES:__ In our settings in _input.nml_ file we have enabled solution of momentum and pressure, which is solution setup for laminar viscous flow. Turbulence model is set to _none_  by default. Simulation is steady state by default but we show the whole block starting with LTRANSIENT option just to be clear. Solution method is SIMPLE. Number of steps for steady state is controled either by NUMSTEP or by MAXIT. Simulation stops when normalised residuals reach level below _tolerance_ set in the _input.nml_ file.